Clarify description dimension_types + small corrections (#394)
Materials-Consortia/OPTIMADE: optimade.rst

Examples:

- :filter:`chemical_formula_anonymous CONTAINS "C2" AND chemical_formula_anonymous STARTS WITH "A2"`

> - :filter:`chemical_formula_anonymous STARTS WITH "A2" AND chemical_formula_anonymous ENDS WITH "D2"`

Reviewer: Great catch!

Reviewer 2: I think the "WITH" is optional anyway: https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe/blob/develop/optimade.rst#623substring-comparisons

> identifier STARTS WITH x: Is true if the property starts with the substring value x. The WITH keyword MAY be omitted.

Reviewer: Oh, right! Then there is no need to change that. We would probably want our specification to showcase also the alternative syntax constructs.

Author: Ok, I removed "WITH".
I also changed "D2" to "D1" as a chemical_formula_anonymous can never start with "A2" and end with "D2".

- **Examples**:

>   - A non periodic unit cell, for example, for a single molecule : :val:`[0, 0, 0]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - A nonperiodic structure, for example, for a single molecule : :val:`[0, 0, 0]`
```

  - A unit cell that is periodic in the direction of the third lattice vector, for example for a carbon nanotube: :val:`[0, 0, 1]`

>   - For a 2D surface/slab, who's unit cell is periodic in the direction of the first and third lattice vectors: :val:`[1, 0, 1]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For a 2D surface/slab, with a unit cell that is periodic in the direction of the first and third lattice vectors: :val:`[1, 0, 1]`
```
